[low, muffled moans]
Are you insane?
Do you have any idea
what you've done?
The bag goes back on
as easily as it comes off.
All I want to hear from you
is how you killed Celia
and why.
What?
Was I not
loud enough?
You murdered her.
Where's the weapon?
Celia's dead?
GIL:
This guy. I told you,
we're gonna have
to make him talk.
Gil Bobbsey.
Stole a limo, helped out
with a kidnapping. Perfect.
If you wanted to join
your father in prison,
well, mission accomplished.
This guy killed his wife
because she was keeping you,
his granddaughter, a secret.
All right?
What do you think he does
when he finds out
my dad's been telling
anyone who'll listen
about his Black Crown tape?Gil, I have it covered.
Just had a thought
over here, kids.
I don't believe
a word you said.
Celia's dead?
Prove it.
Gil, give me your phone.
This is a photo
that I texted Gil
from the crime scene.
Do you believe me now?
She's dead,
and I'm going to bring you
to justice
so we can all
finally breathe again.
I'm not gonna let him
do anything to your dad.
So go get changed.
Please.
Don't be afraid
to crank it.
Where am I?
The home of one of
your many victims.
Lucy Sable.
Seemed fitting for
what comes next.
And what comes next?
[beep]
This is the confession
of Everett Hudson.
♪
BESS: Nancy? Carson? Anyone?
[line ringing]
[whispers]: Celia Hudson
was just found murdered.
I just heard. Nancy,
it's me again.
Please call me
when you get this.
Nancy didn't
come home last night?No, she didn't.
But if I'm Nancy, I have to
wonder if Everett learned
Celia was keeping his secret
granddaughter from him...
And then murdered Celia
in a fit of rage.
And to protect herself,
Nancy goes off the grid.
Which is a good
plan, I hope.
Oh, you're scrapbooking.
Oh, this calms me down, too.No, no, no.
I wasn't scrapbooking and
it's not calming me down.
I was trying to understand this.
Hey, what's wrong with her?
I have no idea.
I took this of
her last night
before she left for
Everett's party.
But it's not the camera. Look.
It's her.Oh, my gosh.
You kids...
you see things like this
quite often, don't you?
Yeah.
I wish we didn't, but...
we do.
Mm. Oh.
[laughs]
Hello.
Morning.
Is this creepy?
Mm, a little bit.
But...
also kinda cute.
Mm.
Mm...
Mm.[laughs]
Don't you want to know
why I was watching you sleep?
Because last night Everett
caught Val and Ryan on camera
looking for
the Black Crown tape.
Okay, you say that like
Everett won't want to kill
the people hunting for footage
of him actually killing someone.
Ryan made sure Val was safe
and I wasn't caught on camera.Still.
Maybe you should leave
town for a while.
Then who will watch you sleep?
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
What?
One of my tenants, Jake Cazine,
filed a complaint
saying the youth center
I want to open in the building
will, uh, cause
economic hardship for his café.
[scoffs] Probably 'cause you
want to tear down that wall.
No one wants construction
near their business.Great.
The last thing I need is
for my center to get caught up
in never-ending grievances.
I thought being landlord means
you get to do whatever you want.
Yeah, well,
Jake still has tenant rights.
I could be fighting
endless red tape
if I don't get him to drop this.
[phone vibrates]
Not covering
your shift, Bess.
No, George,
have you heard from Nancy?
Not covering hers, either.
No, listen, Carson thinks
Nancy might be in trouble.
Can you come
to the Historical Society?
And bring Nick.
Okay? Please?
What's going on?
Um, unspecified crisis
from Bess.
All hands on deck?
I'll talk to Jake later.
No. No, you can't.
You need to focus
on you for a change.
I'll take care of Bess.
You take care of Jake.
Show him what you're about.
You're the best.Mm.
That's what
I keep telling everyone.
NANCY:
Okay, I'll start.
You slaughtered 12 men
on the Bonny Scot.
You murdered your
own accountant
and made it look
like a suicide,
even set up a slush fund
in your son's name
so that he would take
the fall for your crimes.
If you agree, say nothing.
This recording
will never hold up in court--
I'm under duress.
Mm, good thing it's
never going to court.
It is, however, going
to multiple
law enforcement agencies
to give them a running start,
once you tell me
who you paid to kill Celia
and what your motive was.
But I think we know the answer
to that one already, don't we?
More dime-store fiction
that I flew off into
a murderous rage when I heard
that she had been keeping
Ryan's illegitimate
daughter a secret?
You can stop acting like
there's any reasonable doubt,
because there is no doubt here,
there is only the truth.
The truth
is that I had no idea
you were my grandchild
until you told me.
And I didn't kill my wife.
Why do you seem more upset
over an accusation
than you do
about your own wife's death?
Maybe because you seem
upset enough for both of us.
Which is strange.
How well did you
actually know Celia?
Well enough.Ah.
Well, you certainly
sought her out, didn't you?
How did you gain her sympathy?
Did you play on her weakness
for anything connected
to her darling son?
Or were you using the
mother-sized hole in your life
to emotionally
manipulate her?
Or was it both?
If you agree, say nothing.
You used Lucy Sable's
one-night stand
and Kate Drew's cancer death
to make yourself an heiress.
Never say their names again.
[sighs]
Very sorry
for your loss.
These are your mother's
personal effects.
Thank you.
Where's my father?
I was hoping you knew.
His limo was seen on the
west side of town last night.
No sign of him since.
I'd like to
talk to him.
Yeah, I bet you would.
Because he did this.
He's killed before.
There's a videotape.
You're serious?
Who'd he kill?I don't know.
Okay?
But I...
I haven't seen the video tape.
But it exists.
Trust me.
[muffled grunt]
Sounds like you want to confess.
You're running out of time.
Surely someone noticed
a limousine
driving through the
worst part of town.
The police are out
looking for a man
they think killed his wife.
What's gonna happen
when they track me down?
Gag him. We don't
need to listen to this.
You don't think
your boyfriend here
is gonna sell you out,
say it was all your idea?
He's a Bobbsey.
Watch him for me.
I'll be right back.
Whoa, hey, Nancy,
where are you going?
Listen to me, my dad's life
is on the line.
Which is why the only way I
let Everett walk out of here
is in handcuffs.
He killed Celia.
If he doesn't want to confess,
then I'll go find
the proof myself.
Okay, Howard.
Help me finish what you started.
[line ringing]
Any luck finding Nancy?
ACE:
I'm working on it.
How's Mr. D holding up?
BESS:
I mean, yeah, he's fine.
He's received
a crash course
in the supernatural.
HANNAH:
Based on Nancy's
appearance and bruises,
I believe she has some sort
of living hex or curse.
Do you have any more photos
of her looking like this?
Yeah. We just printed off
the most recent pictures
of Nancy from my phone.
Look.
Those marks on her face.
HANNAH:
The same markings, only smaller.
Okay, keep looking.
Go through all of your photos.
If we can figure out
when the affliction began,
then maybe we...
[gasps]
Ace found Nancy.
I'm sending
Mr. D her right location now.
[phone chimes]
ACE: You get it?Yeah.
Jake.
Hey.Hey, Nick.
How's it going?Uh, not great, actually.
I got your discretionary
review for economic hardship
in the mail. Look,
I-I promise you,
construction will be minimal on
the wall I want to tear down.
I appreciate that,
except it's not about the wall.
Oh. Then what is it?
Because, you know, I-I'd
really like to pay it forward
to the kids who need it.That's just it.
Do we really
know these kids?
Well, you know me.
Right?
I-I was one of these kids
that could now use my
help who just need a...
They just need a second chance
to make a life for themselves.
You were able to move on
and-and start a life in a...
a good, traditional town.
I want to keep this town
good and...
traditional.
It's not you
I have a problem with, Nick.
You're one of the good ones.
Right. Okay.
One of the good ones?Um...
I just... I don't want
my customers to feel...
uncomfortable.
You understand.
Uh, no.
No. No.
[chuckles]:
No, I don't.
Because, uh,
youth center or not,
there's still gonna be kids
in our community
who need a place to go.
You know, we-we can make
a difference with-with outreach,
like-like Old Navy's
This Way ONward job program.
We can mentor them
and give them life skills
that you and I,
we take for granted.
Yeah.
All right, should
we just do nothing?
Huh?
Wait for them to screw up?
You're right.
I get it.
Tell you what. How about
I donate to your youth center?
That would be amazing.
As long as it's not
in this town.
♪ Every time I ask why,
I hear silence... ♪
Jake.
Okay.
Studies show...
Honestly, Nick, you can
prove it to me up and down.
You're never
gonna change my mind.
They can get help
someplace else. Just...
not here.
Hey, Jimmy.
You got to try
the pumpkin pie.
[beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[sighs]
[phone vibrating]
[vibrating stops]
Very clever.
What are you up to?
This is your hit man account,
Everett.
Where is the money,
you psychopath?
That can't be right.
GIL:
Don't overdo it.
It's tough to pee
without your hands,
and that part of the gig,
I did not sign up for.
Thank you.
And I hope you didn't take
my earlier outburst to heart.
My mind
is not the clearest.
But what I do know
is that you
are your father's son,
and Bertram
is a truly stand-up guy.
You know,
he never once asked me
to use my influence
to get him out of prison,
which is a shame.
Because I do have influence.
A man like me
could get your father released.
And then what?
Hmm?
You're gonna kill him
the same way
you killed your accountant?
You know, it seems like
the best thing
for my father...
...is for you to just disappear.
Is it?
Or would it be better for him
if I provided the means
for you and your sister
to get out of that trailer park
and start a new life?
I don't want your father dead.
I want him quiet.
And his long-term happiness
achieves that as well.
With a significant upside
for you.
How much money?
Give me a number.
Connor, it's Tamura.
Do we have a time of death
for Celia Hudson yet?CONNOR: We do.
Mm, looks like her body
was discovered
22 hours postmortem.
Give or take.
22 hours.
So she was killed long before
guests would have used
the yacht club parking lot
for Everett's party.
Yeah, judging by the state
of rig...
[shutter clicks]
NANCY:
Gil, we got to talk.
What the hell are you doing?Hey.
Listen, I found us
a way out of this.I have an offer.
Screw your offer.
I don't know what
he told you...It's not what it looks like.
Just let me explain.[knocking on door]
[thud]
Thank God.
You killed her.Son,
I've never been...Ryan?
[grunts]
You killed her!
What are you...
[grunting]
NANCY:I'm sorry, Ryan. I
know that Celia was...
RYAN:I don't want to
think about her.
I want to think about him.
How did you find us?
Tamura told me.
His limo was last seen
on the west side,
and what other connection
does he have to the west side
but Lucy Sable?
Don't-don't panic.
Okay?
I figured it out first.
Tamura doesn't know
about the history.
We got some time
till he catches up.
So, what's the plan?
Get Everett to confess.
I went looking for proof.
I have Howard's laptop.
Okay.
So, w-we need to access
whatever accounts
he had put in my name,
and then we need
to trace the money
to whatever hit man he...Right,
but there are no
recent payments.
What do you mean,
there's no recent payments?
It-it doesn't clear him, still.
It doesn't.
M-Maybe he
hasn't paid yet.
Right. 'Cause you know hit men
who work on spec.
Or maybe he didn't use your
account for payment this time.
Or he paid in cash.
There has to be
a money trail.
Unless Everett
murdered Celia himself,
but that's not
his usual M.O.
No.
Was there anything
o-on the computer?
A-Any clues?
NANCY:Nothing that'll
take Everett down.
What are you not saying?
I read
Everett and Celia's prenup.
He forfeits any right
to Celia's family's estate
if she's ever murdered.
RYAN:
Okay, but...
if he had her murdered,
he'd make it look like
an accident.
NANCY: I know.Right? Just like he did
with-with Howard,
with all the murders
that he's involved in.
Look, he doesn't
inherit anything
if she's murdered, right?
Why would he pass
on a fortune?
It just...
It just doesn't add up.Well,
it will. I just need
a little more time.
GIL:
No, it won't.
I should've let him go
when I had the chance.
Do you really think
that Everett was gonna pay you?
You really think he would
fold up and confess? Huh?
[scoffs]
That was a stupid plan.
Hey, back off, okay?NANCY: It was a plan
you agreed to.Yes, because you said
you could protect my dad
by bringing Everett to justice.
But now you're wrong
about Everett
and I get to end up
in prison for kidnapping.
He killed Celia.
I will find the evidence.
Trust me.
You won't.
Because it doesn't exist.
And even you
are starting to believe me,
aren't you?
Can I ask you
a non-Nancy-curse-related
question?
Sure.Okay.
So, I have this friend
who is hosting
the spirit of a dead lady.
Go on.We were recently told
that my friend's life line
is now merging
with this woman's.
Um, Nodette.
Problem is Nodette's life line
was violent and short,
and my friend was told
that if she doesn't sever
the connection between them,
her life line
will also be shortened.
But that-that's crazy.
Right?How old was Nodette
when she died?
22.Well,
when two souls are intertwined,
the average is weighted
towards the spirit.
So your friend probably has
no more than a decade left.
I'm sorry, George.
Detective Tamura,
could I borrow
you for a second?
Yeah. I could
actually use your help.
You're a car guy, right?
Do you know what kind of car
this taillight might belong to?
Oh.
Oh, yeah, that's def...
Definitely
a really common taillight
that, um, is easily confused
with taillights from...
any number of cars.
Or boats.
Got it.
Oh, well.
Thought I'd take a shot,
you know? Have a seat.
So you needed something?
Is it urgent?
Uh... yeah.
Yeah, it is.
Um...
how serious were you
when you said you wanted
to help reform
this police department?
I'm having an issue
with a tenant.
Look, you keep
bringing up Everett,
but maybe someone else
wanted her dead.
No offense.
No offense taken.
It's the truth.
Celia didn't have enemies.
She had garden parties.
NANCY:Exactly.
And this killing
was cold and vindictive.
Even ritualistic.
Somebody was sending a message.
And the way
that her body was posed--
I've-I've seen... I've seen
something like that before.
Her body was posed like Icarus.
Uh, what now?
Greek mythology.
Guy who put on wings,
he flew too close to the sun,
you know...EVERETT: He reached too far,
paid the price,
fell to his death.
So what are you saying?
You saying that Celia
paid a price for something?
Yesterday, Celia was obsessing
over this list.
Oh, God. I made such a mistake
with the list.
I thought it was the...
I thought it was the guest list
for Everett's party,
but what if the...
What if it was the list of names
she got for me?
ACE:
You got the list back
from Celia?
What-what list?
What names?
Celia did something
risky for me.
There was this list
of witnesses.
Whistleblowers.
I couldn't let it
get in the wrong hands.
EVERETT:
Whose hands?
This secret organization
called The Road Back.
Celia...
went up against
The Road Back?
Who are they?A powerful group
with infinite means
and unflagging resolve.
The general public
have no idea they even exist.
A scarce few know
that they're out there.
But The Road Back wouldn't
hesitate to make an example
of anyone who angered them.
And they'd be very clear
that they were the ones
who were angry.
If it was them, they would have
left an actual calling card,
as well-- their marker.
RYAN:
Like a symbol?
Look. Police
left this for me.
It's Celia's stuff.
I thought it was
weird that she was
carrying around pocket change,
but then I saw the symbol,
and I didn't know
what it was.
That's the symbol
for The Road Back.
So it wasn't Everett.
EVERETT:
Surprise.
But guess what.
The person responsible is here.
Because if Celia hadn't
helped Nancy with that list,
she wouldn't have earned
retribution from The Road Back.
Your grandmother
was brutally murdered
to send a message to you.
Hey.
I got Celia killed.
No. No, you didn't.Mm-hmm.
She was doing
a favor for me.A favor?
[scoffs] You were doing this
to save Ace's life.
She was doing this
to keep her son of a bitch
husband out of jail.
That's how she did business.
If I had known then,
Ryan, I would have...
How could you have known what
The Road Back was capable of?
You couldn't.
She did.
And those were the choices
that she made.
How do I get justice for her?
Maybe you don't.
Maybe you just
add it to the list,
and you focus on what you came
to get justice for.
For Everett?Yeah.
I was wrong about him.No, you weren't wrong.
Nancy, don't forget
who my father is.
You tied up the right guy.
You just tied him up
for the wrong murder.
Hey, Jake.
Hey, Nick.
Glad I caught you.
I just, uh...
I wanted to thank you
for helping me understand
the real reason
behind your complaint.
Aw, don't worry about it.
You got a good heart.Yup.
But I lost focus,
and I made the mistake
of thinking my goal
was to change
your small mind.
Excuse me?See...
I always think that
I have to go through
people like you,
like I've had to do before.
Like those who came
before me have had to do
because they had
no other choice.
But I have the means
and the privilege
to do things that they couldn't.
Like find a way around you.Okay.
I, uh, see what
you're doing here.
You're trying to make me
the bad guy, and I...
No, no, no, no,
no. No. No.
You are the bad guy.
But that's beside my point.
What I'm trying to get you
to see is that building
across the street there,
because
I just bought it
for my youth center.
I'm rich, Jake.
Very rich.
And according to
the zoning committee,
because the youth center's
gonna be more than 50 feet
away from your café,
you have no say
if, when or how it gets built.
You know, I, uh,
just want to keep
this neighborhood safe.
Then you'll be happy
to know I partnered
with Horseshoe Bay PD.
And they are also committed
to reinvesting
in at-risk kids.
Was setting up your center
in the next town over
really that big of a deal?
Allowing kids to thrive
in their own community...
is a big deal.
Letting them know that
they belong here...
is a big deal.
And setting up a rival café
in my new building...
[exhales]
...that's gonna be a huge deal.
So, good luck, Jake.
So this Road Back--
what are you gonna do about
them killing your wife?
I mean, you're a powerful man.
How do you think
you survive long enough
to become a powerful man?
Banish emotion,
pick your fights.
Understand when
you have leverage
and when you're outmatched.[door opens]
I'm so sorry, Gil,
for bringing you into this.
I messed it all up.
Are we about done?
My hands are beginning to numb.
[phone vibrating]
RYAN:
It's our favorite detective.
NANCY:We need to know
what they know.
Answer it, but don't
give anything away.
Yeah.
Oh, is this really
necessary?
Hey, Detective.
You got any news?
It's a long shot,
but I found a broken taillight
by the yacht club.
I believe it's from a car
that belongs to Nancy Drew.
Know anything about that?
Uh, no. No, I don't.
I-I'm sorry.
Hmm. Any chance
you've seen Nancy today?
No, no. Have not...
have not seen her today, no.
Right.
Put Nancy on.
Detective, you seem very
concerned about my brake lights.
I appreciate it,
but they are fine.
When did you and Ryan
get so close?
That's a weird question.
What, do you want in
on our book club or something?
Well, I'm curious,
since you're the one
who got his father
arrested for murder,
and then abruptly
recanted your testimony,
which seemed kind of coerced.
And you had to know it would
spring Everett from jail,
and now he's the prime suspect
in his wife's murder.
Sorry, you're-you're
kind of breaking up.
Hey, Nancy...
put Everett on.
Plan C.Okay. What's Plan C?
Gil and I agreed that
if Everett didn't
walk out of here
in handcuffs,
he didn't
walk out of here.
Wh... You...
you can't be serious.
It was an idea, okay?
We never...
You said it
yourself, Ryan.
He's a murderer.
Not Celia's,
but he killed someone
on that Black Crown tape.Okay, but come on...
Imagine your life
without your father.
No one else
ever gets hurt or killed
because of him again.
Can I just...
can I talk to you
in private, please?
[sighs]
You know that
I am right--
it's obvious
what needs to be done.
Does your offer still stand?
You know, now that
your granddaughter
is about to
convince your son
to get rid of you,NANCY: The sooner we get this
over with, the better.
I'm thinking I have leverage.
NANCY:Like you said, we didn't
tie up the wrong guy.
Yeah, I said that because
I thought you were trying
to get a confession,
not trying to kill him.
[door shuts]
They're not bruises.
They're claw marks.
Look. I think
this is the same thing
that's happening to Nancy.
Parasitic Entities?
Oh, fantastic.
She has a supernatural
parasite attached to her.
An entity feeding
off of her life force.
If it's already
this bad...
Then Nancy only has
a few days to live.
What? No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I re-I refuse to accept that.
I-I've
seen parasites.
Parasites can be removed.
What-what...
How did the people
in this book recover?
HANNAH:
They didn't.
They all died.
These are their death photos.No.
No. No, I, too,
refuse to accept that.
Not today, Satan.
I am sick
of supernatural freeloaders
cutting our lives short.
We just need to expose
which loser parasite
is attached to Nancy.
Without a clear image of
the parasite, we can't.
There is no camera that
I know of that can
capture one at the
exact visual wavelength
that reveals its true being.
Then we make a new camera.
Good news.
I know a guy.
Okay.
[breathing heavily]
[line ringing]
NICK: What's going on?Hey.
Nancy has a supernatural
parasite attached to her,
and I was hoping we could
use the same technology
as your ghost goggles
to create a ghost camera
to get a clear photo of it
so we can figure out what it is
and save Nancy's life.
Say what, now?
[grunts softly]
[door closes]
Well, what do
we have here?
The Black Crown tape.
Clever ruse, son.
So I'm guessing
it wasn't your idea.
[chuckles softly]
You tied up the right guy.
You just tied him up
for the wrong murder.
Then let's tie him up
for the right murder.
EVERETT:
Understand when
you have leverage
and when you're outmatched.
I'm so sorry, Gil,
for bringing you into this.
I messed it all up.
[whispering]:
When you see your chance,
take his deal and let him go.
He'll lead us right to the tape.
Trust me.
♪
Do you have any idea what
this one and Gil Bobbsey did?
Gil who?
I've been with Nancy
all afternoon, alone, so...
I don't know what this
guy's talking about.
He said, he said,
she said.
I'm a big movie
fan, Mr. Hudson.
And I would love
to see yours.
What is this?
RYAN:
This looks like
the old nature camera footage
they used to record
wildlife activity.
NANCY:
Who's that on the tape?
It's my uncle Josiah.
Everett's brother.
Black crown
is a type of bird.
♪ I feel it in the air...
Is that Everett?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's him.
BOBBSEY:
The Black Crown tape.
I saw Everett Hudson
burn that tape.
I say him throw it in the bay.
But no matter what he did,
that tape just kept coming back.
If I go down,
you go down, too.
October 1981 is
when Uncle Josiah
went missing
in the woods.
[grunting]
♪ Worlds collide...
You killed your
own brother?
You...
You told me
that he died
drunk in the woods
of exposure.
That's what you told me!
I would like to speak
with my lawyer now.
[indistinct chatter]
RYAN:
Yeah, I can't believe,
for almost 40 years,
people thought that my uncle
died of alcoholism.
Why do you think
Everett killed him?
The same reason
he does anything.
Money. Power.
Control of the family
company, you know...
He was never built for sharing.
He wanted it all for himself.
REPORTER:
Is that him? It is, it is.
It is Everett Hudson.
[reporters clamoring]
Mr. Hudson,
could we get a comment?
[clamoring continues]
Is it true that
you did murder
your brother, sir?
If what would be...Ladies and gentlemen,
we have no comment at this time.
We'll prepare a statement,
we'll share it with you.
Please be patient.
Hey, earlier, Everett
whispered something to you,
before Tamura took him away.
Yeah. He, um...
He told me to tell you...
welcome to the family.
REPORTER: Mr. Hudson.REPORTER 2: Mr. Hudson, do you
have anything to say at all?
I-I wasn't gonna
pass that along.
No, I'm glad you did.
I'm done hiding from him.
Hey, are you okay?
It's, uh...
You've had a lot to process.
You, uh...
How are you still standing?
I guess the trick
is to not process.
Look, I got to... I got to
go, um, give my statement.
And don't worry,
I'm gonna keep it short.
"I didn't-I didn't
see anything."
Thanks.Yeah.
You, you... go home.
Get some sleep, okay?
Thanks.
Hey.Yeah?
You want to maybe
get l-lunch tomorrow?
Not process things together?
Deal.
[camera shutters clicking]
[reporters clamoring]
Are you all right?
I heard about Everett's arrest.
I thought it would
feel different.
I mean, I-I did it,
I brought Everett to justice,
and I don't...
I don't feel
anything.
No anger,
no satisfaction.
Not even relief.
Just nothing.
I don't know who I am anymore.
And after what
I did today,
all I keep thinking is,
"What would Mom think?"
What is wrong with me?
Nothing we can't fix.
Okay? But I need
to show you something.
Come on.
Was there a power outage
or something?
Yeah, careful.
Here, I'm gonna take this.
Oh. Okay.
Please, just trust me.
[shutters clicking]
Whoa!
What the hell?
What is going on?
NICK:
I think we got it.
CARSON:Nancy, I'm so sorry
I couldn't warn you.
Warn me about what?
We did this to help you.
You've had a
passenger for weeks.
A-And w-we had to catch you
by surprise,
otherwise it might not have
allowed us to take its picture.
Is this the Wraith?
I got rid of the Wraith
in the-in the woods.
I set the bus on fire
and then I got away from it.
[screeching]
Nancy, come on!
[coughing]
It must have hitched
a ride out with you.
That's not possible.
I would have known, right?
I would have felt something.
CARSON:
Are you sure you didn't?
You said that you haven't
felt like yourself.
You don't know
who you are anymore.
Could this be why?
Has something been attacking
your sense of self?
Columbia has online courses.
If you wanted to go,
we can make
that happen.
Well, looks like the
universe made the call.
Maybe I was just born this way.
You're never gonna
get there in time.
The shroud won't work.
VAL:
You wanted my advice?
Don't give them
any reason to judge you.
Well...
And you believed her?
Morning, sunshine.
NANCY:
He's getting dragged
because of me.
EVERETT:
Your grandmother
was brutally murdered
to send a message to you.
Oh, my God.
It's been-it's been with me
since I left Gorham Woods.
Getting s-stronger,
feeding off the moments
I'm most vulnerable.
Hurting me, changing me.
Parasites kill their host.
How long do I have left?
[woman screams, bell dings]
[pencil scribbling]